MFLT-11828 Explicitly mention TMPDIR in  example (#584)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/linux/coredumps.mdx

    --dbg-image tmp/deploy/images/raspberrypi3/base-image-raspberrypi3-dbg.tar.bz2
```

:::tip TMPDIR

> <p>
>   By default <code>upload-yocto-symbols</code> will use a default temporary
>   directory in your system such as <code>/tmp/</code> to use for extracting the
>   debug symbols. This can use significant space and if you'd like to use a
>   different location in your filesystem, you can do so with the canonical
>   environment variable&nbsp;
>   <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TMPDIR">TMPDIR</a>. Just prefix the <code>
>     memfault
>   </code> command like so <code>
>     TMPDIR=&lt;desired directory&gt; memfault ...
>   </code> or&nbsp;
>   <code>export TMPDIR=&lt;tmp driectory&gt;</code> in your shell before running
>   the Memfault CLI command. This works for other CLI commands that use a
>   temporary directory as well!
> </p>

Reviewer: I think only a few people will need this so I would keep it a bit shorter.

```suggestion
<p>
  By default <code>upload-yocto-symbols</code> will use a default temporary
  directory in your system such as <code>/tmp</code> to extract the
  debug symbols. This can use significant space and if you'd like to use a
  different location in your filesystem, you can do so with the   <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TMPDIR"><code>TMPDIR</code></a> environment variable&nbsp;:
  <code>
    TMPDIR=&lt;desired directory&gt; memfault ...
  </code>.
</p>
```
